# Accepted Papers  
  
### Long Papers  
Guided Beam Search to Improve Generalization in Low-Resource Data-to-Text Generation.    
*Nicolas Garneau and Luc Lamontagne*  
  
XF2T: Cross-lingual Fact-to-Text Generation for Low-Resource Languages.    
*Shivprasad Sagare, Tushar Abhishek, Bhavyajeet Singh, Anubhav Sharma, Manish Gupta and Vasudeva Varma*  
  
Preventing Generation of Verbatim Memorization in Language Models Gives a False Sense of Privacy.  
*Daphne Ippolito, Florian Tramer, Milad Nasr, Chiyuan Zhang, Matthew Jagielski, Katherine Lee, Christopher Choquette Choo and Nicholas Carlini*  
  
Fine-Tuning GPT-3 for Synthetic Danish News Generation.  
*Mina Almasi and Anton Schiønning*  
  
GAN-LM: Generative Adversarial Network using Language Models for Downstream Applications.  
*Dae Yon Hwang, Yaroslav Nechaev, Cyprien de Lichy and Renxian Zhang*  
  
Summaries as Captions: Generating Figure Captions for Scientific Documents with Automated Text Summarization.  
*Chieh-Yang Huang, Ting-Yao Hsu, Ryan Rossi, Ani Nenkova, Sungchul Kim, Gromit Yeuk-Yin Chan, Eunyee Koh, C Lee Giles and Ting-Hao Huang*  
  
Models of reference production: How do they withstand the test of time?  
*Fahime Same, Guanyi Chen and Kees van Deemter*  
  
Generating Faithful Text From a Knowledge Graph with Noisy Reference Text.  
*Tahsina Hashem, Weiqing Wang, Derry Tanti Wijaya, Mohammed Eunus Ali and Yuan-Fang Li*  
  
Entropy-based Sampling for Abstractive Multi-document Summarization in Low-resource Settings.  
*Laura Mascarell, Ribin Chalumattu and Julien Heitmann*  
  
Claim Optimization in Computational Argumentation.  
*Gabriella Skitalinskaya, Maximilian Spliethöver and Henning Wachsmuth*  
  
ChatGPT's Information Seeking Strategy: Insights from the 20-Question Game.  
*Leonardo Bertolazzi, Davide Mazzaccara, Filippo Merlo and Raffaella Bernardi*  
  
This is not correct! Negation-aware Evaluation of Language Generation Systems.  
*Miriam Anschütz, Diego Miguel Lozano and Georg Groh*  
  
Guidance in Radiology Report Summarization: An Empirical Evaluation and Error Analysis.  
*Jan Trienes, Paul Youssef, Jörg Schlötterer and Christin Seifert*  
  
A Zero-Shot Approach for Multi-User Task-Oriented Dialog Generation.  
*Shiv Surya, Yohan Jo, Arijit Biswas and Alexandros Potamianos*  
  
Beyond the Bias: Unveiling the Quality of Implicit Causality Prompt Continuations in Language Models.  
*Judith Sieker, Oliver Bott, Torgrim Solstad and Sina Zarrieß*  
  
Enhancing factualness and controllability of Data-to-Text Generation via data Views and constraints.  
*Craig Thomson, Clement Rebuffel, Ehud Reiter, Laure Soulier, Somayajulu Sripada and patrick Gallinari*  
  
Memories for Virtual AI Characters.  
*Fabian Landwehr, Erika Varis Doggett and Romann M. Weber*  
  
Optimizing Example Selection for In-context Learning: A Case Study in Text Simplification.  
*Subhadra Vadlamannati and Gözde Şahin*  
  
Exploring the Naturalness of Cognitive Status-Informed Referring Form Selection Models.  
*Gabriel Del Castillo, Grace Clark, Zhao Han and Tom Williams*  
  
System-Initiated Transitions from Chit-Chat to Task-Oriented Dialogues with Transition Info Extractor and Transition Sentence Generator.  
*Ye Liu, Stefan Ultes, Wolfgang Minker and Wolfgang Maier*  
  
HL Dataset: Visually-grounded Description of Scenes, Actions and Rationales.  
*Michele Cafagna, Kees van Deemter and Albert Gatt*  
  
Validating Predictive Models Of Evaluative Language For Controllable Data2Text Generation.  
*Maurice Langner and Ralf Klabunde*  
  
Can LLMs Learn better Storytelling With A Few Examples?  
*Zhuohan Xie, Trevor Cohn and Jey Han Lau*  
  
Trustworthiness of Children Stories Generated by Large Language Models.  
*Prabin Bhandari and Hannah Brennan*  
  
On Text Style Transfer via Style Masked Language Models.  
*Sharan Narasimhan, Pooja H, Suvodip Dey and Maunendra Sankar Desarkar*  
  
Affective Natural Language Generation of Event Descriptions through Fine-grained Appraisal Conditions.  
*Yarik Menchaca Resendiz and Roman Klinger*  
  
### Short Papers  
Leveraging Low-resource Parallel Data for Text Style Transfer.  
*Sourabrata Mukherjee and Ondrej Dusek*  
  
Reverse-Engineering Language Model Decoding Strategies Given Blackbox Access to a Generation System.  
*Daphne Ippolito, Nicholas Carlini, Katherine Lee, Milad Nasr and Yun William Yu*  
  
Controlling keywords and their positions in text generation.  
*Yuichi Sasazawa, Terufumi Morishita, Hiroaki Ozaki, Osamu Imaichi and Yasuhiro Sogawa*  
  
Tackling Hallucinations in Neural Chart Summarization.  
*Saad Obaid ul Islam, Iza Škrjanec, Ondrej Dusek and Vera Demberg*  
  
Learning Disentangled Meaning and Style Representations for Positive Text Reframing.  
*Xu Sheng, Fumiyo Fukumoto, Jiyi Li, Go Kentaro and Yoshimi Suzuki*  
  
Generating clickbait spoilers with an ensemble of large language models.  
*Mateusz Woźny and Mateusz Lango*  
  
Reducing named entity hallucination risk to ensure faithful summary generation.  
*Eunice Akani, Benoit Favre, Frederic Bechet and Romain GEMIGNANI*  
  
Building a dual dataset of text- and image-grounded conversations and summarisation in Gàidhlig (Scottish Gaelic).  
*David M. Howcroft, William Lamb, Anna Groundwater and Dimitra Gkatzia*  
  
Generating Multiple Questions from Presentation Transcripts: A Pilot Study on Earnings Conference Calls.  
*Yining Juan, Chung-Chi Chen, Hen-Hsen Huang and Hsin-Hsi Chen*  
  
Mod-D2T: A Multi-layer Dataset for Modular Data-to-Text Generation.  
*Simon Mille, Francois Lareau, Anya Belz and Stamatia Dasiopoulou*  
  
### Demo Papers  
MiReportor: Medical Imaging Report Generator for Understanding and Interpreting Multimodal Medical Images.  
*Xuwen Wang, Hetong Ma, Zhen Guo, Lin Yang and Jiao Li*  
  
enlg: a Python library for reproducible neural data-to-text experimentation.  
*David M. Howcroft and Dimitra Gkatzia*  
  
VisuaLLM: Easy Web-based Visualization for Neural Language Generation.  
*František Trebuňa and Ondrej Dusek*  
  
Audio Commentary System for Real-Time Racing Game Play.  
*Tatsuya Ishigaki, Goran Topić, Yumi Hamazono, Ichiro Kobayashi, Yusuke Miyao and Hiroya Takamura*